READ ME for Sample Patches PatchWork 2.0 Documention SetApril 1993The Sample Patches directory contains five subdirectoriesSpectral Music - Example patches demonstrating compositional principles used in works by Tristan Murail. The works include the compositions DŽsintegrations, Time and Time Again,  by T. Murail (compositional patches by the composer).Series - Eight example patches demonstrating principles of serial and post-serial manipulations as realized in PatchWork, by Mikhail Malt.	01	Four forms of series	02  	Transpositions according to the order of the series	03  	Proliferation of one series starting with another	04 	Two useful abstractions			md -> 12 convert midicents modulo 12			12 -> convert modulo 12 to midicents	05	Permutation of durations as a function of pitch	06	Construction of four-voice polyphony with four basic forms 		of the series	07	90-degree rotation of a series, that is, the permutation between the		order of durations and pitches	08	Chord multiplicationsStochastics - Sixteen educational patches demonstrating the construction of a group of basic musical structures by Mikhail Malt. The goal is to teach users how to program with the PatchWork modules used in the patches.  In order to run the example 10 (Generation of a mixed structure...), you must load the PW-ALEA library (select the menus "PWOper, Load Library..."). 	01  Generation of a uniformly distributed cloud	02  Generation of a cloud beginning with a harmonic reference field	03  Generation of a cloud	04  Generation of a uniformly distributed cloud with dynamic control of 		the form as a function of the intervals around a reference pitch.	05  Generation of a trill	06  Generation of a mixed structure. A trill against a harmonic field.	07  Generation of a tremolo	08  Generation of a repeated note	09  Generation of a frullato	10  Generation of a mixed structure. Random walks against a 		harmonic field.	11  Filtering by bands of a cloud	12  Filtering a note in all registers	13  Introduction of randomness into an organized structure.  The 		randomness is introduced in an exponential manner at the right.	14  Introduction of randomness in a series of durations. The amount of		randomness is controlled by a table.	15  Interpolation of several parameters between two melodic sequences	16  Use of the abstraction KAOSEsquisse - Demonstrations of Esquisse modules in compositional applications. Note: It is not necessary to load the Esquisse library if all you want to do is run an existing patch that uses Esquisse modules. In order to program with Esquisse modules, you must load the Esquisse library (select the menus "PWOper, Load Library...").  